The Joe Rogan.
Experience, this, this, uh, Congressman, is that who it is? Yeah.
The Jamie pointed this out that there's a Congressman and he released a series
of tweets. And the first letter of all these tweets,
if you put 'em all together,
it says Epstein didn't kill himself or did not kill himself. Is that what it is?
Didn't.
Yeah, I think it's didn't he did. Uh, oh.
Yeah. How do you do the apostrophe?
Yeah. So he should have gone, did not starting here.
With that evidence of a link in there.
Rep Paul Gosser. What are the odds that this guy did this accidentally really.
Small, right?
That's kind of like one of those monkeys typing Shakespeare things. Yeah. Yeah.
I don't think it could, uh, it could work.
I, and the thing is he did it backwards. Right?
So you didn't see what the puzzle was until the last tweet,
because the last tweet is an E I got.
A tweet from someone about 35 minutes ago that I don't know if there's a bunch
of people online paying attention to it or what, but someone alerted me and.
A few other people of it. What is he, does he have an image of that,
that crazy mask? Is that in his too? Okay. He's a, might be.
The H of the, he's got the, until that was November 1st.
The V mask.
Yes. Yeah. What is that mask again? What is that for? Vanetta?
What was your representative of.
Something? It's the guy Fox mask.
Yes, that's right. That's right. Yeah. So this guy is, uh, he's,
he's thinking along alternative lines of thought, but that is really, uh,
an interesting way of saying it. Ry that's called. Yeah.
Just making a bunch of tweets don't ever address it. Just leave it there.
Walk away it there. Yeah. Louis.
Carol was famous for that. Was he? Yeah, that was one of, um, he,
he did a lot of sort of tricks with words. Um, did you read the book go leach?
No. Yeah, there's, there's a whole,
whole bunch of stuff in there about people who used, um,
who put puzzles in text. Mm. You know, it's kind of a thing that,
that people did, I guess, back more in the 18th century and before, well.
This Epstein case is probably the most blatant example
of a public murder of,
of a crucial witness I've ever seen in my entire life or anybody's ever seen.
And the, the, the minimal amount of outrage about this,
the amount of cover it's fascinating. I.
I mean, I, what's amazing to me just as a, you know,
somebody works in the media is that this was shaping up to be the biggest,
like news story in history. Yes. And the instant, he, you know,
he died, uh, or was died or however you wanna call it. Yeah. Um,
it, the story just fell off the face of the earth.
It it's like nobody's doing anything about it. And I, I,
don't a hundred percent understand that. I mean, I get it. Why,
why that's happening, but it's, uh, it's just amazing.
Well, when the woman from ABC, what was her name? Amy.
Amy.
That lady, the, the one who yeah.
Had the frustrated moment that she called it a frustrating private moment.
Right.
When she was talking about having the scoop and having that story and them
squashing it, right? Like this,
this is all stuff that everybody used to think was conspiracy.
Every everybody's think this was stoner talk. This was, you know, <laugh>,
you know what I mean? Like this is this stuff where people just delusional,
they believe all kinds of wacky conspiracies. Sure.
But the reality is much less complicated. Well, this is not possible.
This is one of those things. That's so obvious. It's so in everyone's face,
well.
There's a couple things going on. Cuz there,
there are many different ways than this can play out. I mean,
you could have a news director who just sort of instinctively decides, well,
we can't do that story because I might want to have will and CA on later,
or I might want to have this politician on later and it's,
it's not like anybody tells them necessarily that we can't do this,
but it decide.
Too hot. You, if.
You grow up in this system and you've been in the, the business for a long time,
you, you just,
you have all these things that are drilled into you at almost like the cellular
level about what you can and cannot get into. And um, I think there,
but there were some exp explicit things that happened with Epstein too. I mean,
they, there,
there were a lot of news agencies that killed stories about him that, you know,
and we're hearing what some of them vanity fair of this thing, you know?
So yeah. It's, it's, it's, it's bad. It's.
Terrible. Yeah. Yeah. When,
when I found out that Clinton flew no less than 26 times
on a plane with Epstein, I was like, dude,
I haven't flown that many times with my mom <laugh> and right long did he know
Epstein?
Yeah. I, I don't know,
but I mean to have that many flights to have the secret service, uh,
people involved, I mean, that's incredibly bold. Uh, but what.
Was he doing with just girls was, is, is,
is Clinton that much of a hound that he would go that deep into the,
well that many times, 26 times? Well.
That's the thing about the Epstein story that makes no sense to me. Like I,
I thought that the percentage of people who were out and out like perverts who
had a, a serious problem, like with Pehi or whatever it was, was pretty small,
you know? Yeah. But you're,
but they had a lot of people coming in and out of this compound and,
and it just seems like it's a, it's a very strange story.
What were they really up to? I, I have no idea. And was,
was it all a black male scheme? It's just, it's just so strange. Well, it.
Seems like the pedophilia aspect of it might be directly connected to Epstein
himself.
Like he might be the one that has a problem with girls that are like 16 and he
likes them very young or he did like them, but with the other,
it could just be girls. It could be. Yeah. Yeah. I mean,
that's why it's so crazy. Like how could it be that these, but maybe it's not.
But they must, but they knew who he was. Yeah.
But they probably didn't know the extent of it.
Probably not. Yeah. Up until a point.
Up until he was arrested. Right. And then they're like, oh, well then,
then that's when everybody backed off of him. Right, right.
Yes. Yeah. I mean, I'm not a hundred percent. Yeah.
I haven't covered this story in depth. I've only,
I only really got into it a little bit when we need you <laugh> we need you on
this one. You're.
The guy.
This is a tough one. I mean, you know, cuz it mixes a lot of things that are,
are very tough to cover. Yes. You know,
the intelligence world is very tough to cover mm-hmm <affirmative> um, you know,
it's, it's hard to get stories out of there that they don't want you to have.
Yeah. And this is, this is like the mother of all stories and you know,
in terms of that, and they're just little, little breadcrumbs here and there.
That whole thing about Acosta, you know, the vanity, um, vanity fair,
a quote from him is that when he said that,
when he looked at the case that he didn't do it because I was told he belonged
to intelligence. Yes. What does that mean? Right. You know, who's intelligence,
you know what I mean? Like what agency? Well, what for, you know, and then you,
you pair that with things like, you know, I,
I have friends on wall street who tell me, I've never heard, uh,
a single instance of this guy actually having a trade. Right. You know?
So what was his hedge fund doing? You know? I mean, if you think about it hedge,
fund's a perfect way to do blackmail, you know?
Cause you can just have people putting money in and out all the time and it
would look like investment. Yeah. You know, so very strange story.
Well, Eric Weinstein had a conversation with him, you know,
Eric Weinstein he's with Peter te capital, right? Yeah.
He's like this guy doesn't know what the he's talking about.
Oh yeah. Like he's financially. Yeah. He's like, he's an actor.
Right. This is nonsense. Right, right.
That his initial almost instantaneous response.
Yeah. Yeah. And, and, and what real clients did he ever have? What did he,
what did he trade in? What.
What how's he got a billion dollars or whatever he had. Yeah. No.
It's a billion under management. Yeah. It's ridiculous. Why did the guy.
Who owns Victoria's secrets? Give him a $70 million home right.
In New York city. Like what.
I mean, these are all things that would've been really interesting to get into.
You know, if he didn't, if he didn't, uh, try to kill himself twice,
the suicide didn't happen to him. Like in the wire fell. Yeah. Yeah.
Unfortunate <laugh>. Yeah. So unfortunately the cameras died,
so unfortunately sustained an injury that's uh,
that you usually only get through strangulation. Right? Someone murders, you.
He fell on the ground and accidentally broke his hyoid bone. Yeah.
Happens all the time. Whatever. No big deal. I mean, it's so bizarre. I, I,
I can't stand cons spirit theories. I'm one of these people who,
who doesn't like reading it, but I can't,
I can't make this story work in a way that isn't, you know,
curatorial in something. Well, that's.
The thing it's like, it gets to a point where you're like, okay,
even Michael Shermer who runs skeptic magazine mm-hmm <affirmative> it's like,
wait a minute. The cameras were not working. Yeah. I.
Mean it's okay.
Seems a conspiracy when Michael Shermer says he,
that guy doesn't believe in anything. Right. Right. I mean,
he is he's down the line on virtually every single thing that's ever happened.
He doesn't believe in any conspiracies. Well.
Well, how do you, what's the innocent explanation for any of this? Cause none,
it doesn't make any sense. You can't,
you can't spin it in any way to make it not a re a, a crazy conspiracy,
especially.
When the, the brother hires a doctor to do an autopsy and oh yeah.
Doctor says like this, this guy was murdered, right? Yeah. Michael,
Baen the famous guy from the HBO autopsy show.
Right? Yep. Absolutely. And craziness, complete craziness.
And you know, it's, it's an example of, of, um, you know,
the Epstein.
Story's interesting because it's because it's about villains on both sides of
the aisle, right? Yeah. This is the classic.
This is something I've written about before that the press does not like to do
stories where the problem is bipartisan. Yes. Right.
So when you have an institutional problem,
when Democrats and Republicans both share responsibility for it,
when you know, or, or if it's an institution that kind of exists in perpetuity,
no matter what the administration is, we don't really like to do those stories.
We like, if Fox likes to do stories about Democrats,
MSNBC likes to do stories about Republican LIS, but the,
the thing that's kind of, you know, all over the place,
they don't like to do that story Epstein is, you know, he's,
he's friends with Trump and, and with Clinton, I mean,
it looks like he has more friends on the Clinton side, but still,
and I think that's,
this is one of the reasons why this story doesn't have a lot of traction in the
media because neither side really likes the idea of going too deeply on.
It feels like.
To me well it's, but the, the, the blatant aspect of it,
the only, I mean, the closest that we have to that is absolute murder.
The Jamal Khashoggi murder. That's the closest thing we have to,
or it's absolute murder, right. This one, but,
but it's also so insanely blatant,
but now you have foreign actors that are involved it and they all disperse,
and then there's left with this confusion of, to who's responsible for it.
Well, Saudi Arabia, that's another example where you can't really say it's,
you know, one side of the,
both parties have been incredibly complicit in their cooperation with yeah.
The Saudi regime and in, you know, in the massacres that are going on in Yemen,
uh, it's a classic example of what no Chomsky used to talk about with worthy and
unworthy victims, right? Like if the Soviet communist did it, they were,
that was bad.
But if death squads and El Salvador killed a priest or a Catholic priest,
you know, then that, that was something we didn't write about.
Cuz they were our client date.
Yemen is a story we don't write about Syria is a story we do write about,
but they're really equivalent stories. And um, you know, the,
but you're absolutely right. The Khashoggi thing, I,
I don't think either party and or either sides,
media really wants to get into that. All that deeply.